```
releaseHeader('2017-05-16', '2.0.0-beta2', '2.0.0-beta1')
```

*   This release includes [all the changes from 1.12.5 to 1.12.6](#1.12.6).
*   Bound (fat arrow) methods in classes must be declared in the class constructor, after `super()` if the class is extending a parent class. See [breaking changes for classes](#breaking-changes-classes).
*   All unnecessary utility helper functions have been removed, including the polyfills for `indexOf` and `bind`.
*   The `extends` keyword now only works in the context of classes; it cannot be used to extend a function prototype. See [breaking changes for `extends`](#breaking-changes-super-extends).
*   Literate CoffeeScript is now parsed entirely based on indentation, similar to the 1.x implementation; there is no longer a dependency for parsing Markdown. See [breaking changes for Literate CoffeeScript parsing](#breaking-changes-literate-coffeescript).
*   JavaScript reserved words used as properties are no longer wrapped in quotes.
*   `require('coffeescript')` should now work in non-Node environments such as the builds created by Webpack or Browserify. This provides a more convenient way to include the browser compiler in builds intending to run in a browser environment.
*   Unreachable `break` statements are no longer added after `switch` cases that `throw` exceptions.
*   The browser compiler is now compiled using Babili and transpiled down to Babel’s `env` preset (should be safe for use in all browsers in current use, not just evergreen versions).
*   Calling functions `@get` or `@set` no longer throws an error about required parentheses. (Bare `get` or `set`, not attached to an object or `@`, [still intentionally throws a compiler error](#unsupported-get-set).)
*   If `$XDG_CACHE_HOME` is set, the REPL `.coffee_history` file is saved there.
